Add example about using CamelSource (#1107)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/samples/apache-camel-source/README.md

These samples show how to configure a Camel source. It is a event source that
can leverage one of the [250+ Apache Camel components](https://github.com/apache/camel/tree/master/components)
for generating events.

## Prerequisites

> 1. Setup [Knative Serving](../../../serving).

Reviewer: Suggestion: link to the main install page instead and say "Install Knative Serving and Eventing" as one step.

Another useful component available with Camel is the Telegram component. It can be used to forward messages of
a [Telegram](https://telegram.org/) chat into Knative channels as events.

Before using the provided Telegram CamelSource example, you need to follow the instructions on the Telegram website for
creating a [Telegram Bot](https://core.telegram.org/bots).
The quickest way to create a bot is to contact the [Bot Father](https://telegram.me/botfather), another Telegram Bot,
using your preferred Telegram client (mobile or web).
After you create the bot, you'll receive an **authorization token** that is needed for the source to work.

First, download and edit the [`source_telegram.yaml`](source_telegram.yaml) file and put the authorization token, replacing the `<put-your-token-here>` placeholder.

To reduce noise in the message dumper, you can remove the previously created timer CamelSource from the namespace:

```shell
kubectl delete camelsource camel-timer-source
```

Install the [`source_telegram.yaml`](source_telegram.yaml) resource:

```shell
kubectl apply -f source_telegram.yaml
```

Now, you can **send messages to your bot** with any Telegram client.

> Check again the logs on the message dumper:

Reviewer: Message dumper was removed and replaced with event display in v0.5; we should update accordingly.

Background: https://github.com/knative/docs/issues/1110

```shell
kubectl logs --selector serving.knative.dev/service=camel-message-dumper -c user-container
```

> Each message you'll send to the bot will be printed by the message dumper as cloudevent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each message you send to the bot will be printed by the message dumper as a cloudevent.
```
